@comment $NetBSD$
bin/fastqc
bin/jbzip2-0.9.jar
bin/sam-1.32.jar
share/doc/fastqc/Help/1 Introduction/1.1 What is FastQC.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/2 Basic Operations/2.1 Opening a sequence file.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/2 Basic Operations/2.2 Evaluating Results.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/2 Basic Operations/2.3 Saving a Report.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/1 Basic Statistics.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/10 Overrepresented Sequences.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/11 Overrepresented Kmers.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/2 Per Base Sequence Quality.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/3 Per Sequence Quality Scores.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/4 Per Base Sequence Content.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/5 Per Base GC Content.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/6 Per Sequence GC Content.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/7 Per Base N Content.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/8 Sequence Length Distribution.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/9 Duplicate Sequences.html
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/duplication_levels.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/kmer_profiles.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/per_base_gc_content.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/per_base_n_content.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/per_base_quality.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/per_base_sequence_content.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/per_sequence_gc_content.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/per_sequence_quality.png
share/doc/fastqc/Help/3 Analysis Modules/sequence_length_distribution.png
share/fastqc/Contaminants/contaminant_list.txt
share/fastqc/Templates/Icons/error.png
share/fastqc/Templates/Icons/fastqc_icon.png
share/fastqc/Templates/Icons/tick.png
share/fastqc/Templates/Icons/warning.png
share/fastqc/Templates/header_template.html
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Analysis/AnalysisListener.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Analysis/AnalysisQueue.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Analysis/AnalysisRunner.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Analysis/OfflineRunner.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Dialogs/AboutDialog$1.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Dialogs/AboutDialog.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Dialogs/FastQCTitlePanel$SmoothJLabel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Dialogs/FastQCTitlePanel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Dialogs/WelcomePanel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FastQCApplication$1.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FastQCApplication.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FastQCMenuBar.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FileFilters/BAMFileFilter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FileFilters/CasavaFastQFileFilter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FileFilters/FastQFileFilter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FileFilters/GobyFileFilter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FileFilters/MappedBAMFileFilter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/FileFilters/SequenceFileFilter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Graphs/BaseGroup.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Graphs/LineGraph.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Graphs/QualityBoxPlot.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpDialog.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpIndexRoot$FileSorter.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpIndexRoot.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpPage.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpPageDisplay$HelpEditor.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpPageDisplay.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Help/HelpSearchPanel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/BasicStats$ResultsTable.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/BasicStats.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/DuplicationLevel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/GCModel/GCModel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/GCModel/GCModelValue.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/KmerContent$Kmer.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/KmerContent$ResultsTable.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/KmerContent.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/NContent.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/OverRepresentedSeqs$OverrepresentedSeq.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/OverRepresentedSeqs$ResultsTable.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/OverRepresentedSeqs.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/PerBaseGCContent.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/PerBaseQualityScores$QualityCount.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/PerBaseQualityScores.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/PerBaseSequenceContent.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/PerSequenceGCContent.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/PerSequenceQualityScores.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/QCModule.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Modules/SequenceLengthDistribution.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Report/HTMLReportArchive.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Report/stylesheet.txt
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Resources/error.png
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Resources/fastqc_icon.png
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Resources/fastqc_icon.svg
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Resources/fastqc_icon_100.png
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Resources/tick.png
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Resources/warning.png
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Results/ResultsPanel$ModuleRenderer.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Results/ResultsPanel.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/BAMFile.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/Contaminant/Contaminant.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/Contaminant/ContaminantHit.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/Contaminant/ContaminentFinder.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/FastQFile.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/QualityEncoding/PhredEncoding.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/Sequence.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/SequenceFactory.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/SequenceFile.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/SequenceFileGroup.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Sequence/SequenceFormatException.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Statistics/NormalDistribution.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Statistics/PearsonCorrelation.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Utilities/CasavaBasename.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Utilities/MultiMemberGZIPInputStream.class
share/fastqc/uk/ac/babraham/FastQC/Utilities/NameFormatException.class
